[narrator] Previously
on Worst Cooks in America.
[Anne] We are heading down
the rabbit hole
to the world of pastries.
Call me the queen of the Welsh.
I was supposed to do that
and then put it in here.
Oh, shoot. I messed up.
[Cliff] Anne and I
will each show you
how to make ricotta gnocchi.
We're gonna get saucy!
Whoo!
The asa is on fire.
The recruit who's not
continuing on is Angie.
My family sent me here
to learn how to cook,
and I did.
[narrator] You're about
to enter another dimension,
a dimension of time and space,
a dimension of overcooked meat
and bad knife cuts.
You crossed over
into The Bad Food Zone.
Picture, if you will...
[recruit] Oh, that's fire!
All of it,
it just disintegrated.
[narrator] Two master chefs.
This is not what I thought.
[narrator] Anne Burrell.
Yeah.
[narrator] And newcomer,
Chef Cliff Crooks as himself.
I feel like I'm leaving
my worst nightmare right now.
Okay, it's still on!
[narrator] who has transformed
deep poor souls
from TV dinners...
- Are you stirring with a fork?
- No.
[narrator] to kitchen winners.
This is delicious.
[narrator]
Some are total strangers.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
'Cause I'm so ashamed.
[narrator]
Others, old friends.
No, no, no, no.
It's that one up here.
[narrator] But only one person
will escape
with $25,000.
I'm living my dream.
[narrator]
A culinary nightmare so bad,
- Bring the water in.
- Water, water.
[narrator] I can't even
do this impression anymore.
Ew, salmonella everywhere!
I am having a heart attack.
[narrator] Mixed up.
I'm a goblin.
[narrator]
Worst Cooks in America.
The Disaster Zone.
- [upbeat music playing]
- [cheers]
- [recruit] Giddy-up!
- Oh, this looks fun!
[Cliff] Yippee-ki-yay.
- Howdy, recruits?
- [all] Howdy.
Today we're heading
to the Wild Wild West
for a good
old fashioned showdown.
[imitates cowboy theme song]
To kick things off,
we will be playing a game
that will test your knowledge
of southwestern flavors
and trivia.
One recruit from each team
will step up
to taste a dish
or answer a trivia question.
Once a recruit thinks
they know the answer,
they must grab the ingredient
from your team's general store.
But I hope you don't
think we're just gonna
let you grab
the ingredients on foot.
- Oh.
- Oh, no.
[Cliff] Instead,
you'll ride these horses.
[fanfare music playing]
The recruit who rides back
with the correct ingredient
first
will earn a point
for their team.
The team with the most points
at the end
will take home
a special advantage
for your team
in the Skill Drill Cook.
All right.
All right, recruits,
it's time to earn your spurs.
Buck up, partners.
It's time to taste.
Marti, Eddie you're up first.
We want you to taste
the queso in front of you
and identify the pepper
and then go get it.
On your mark, get set, taste.
Eddie,
there's a new sheriff here.
- Go get it, cowboy!
- Get it, Eddie, get it, Eddie!
[recruit] Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
[recruit]
Pepper, go Marti, go Marti.
- [recruit] Come on.
- [recruit] Go, Marti,
Yes, yes, go, Marti.
- Oh.
- Oh, my goodness.
Horse down.
Marti, green bell pepper,
- not correct.
- Oh!
- Eddie, poblano is correct.
- Yes.
- [cheering]
- You're a good horse.
Kara and Peachez.
[Cliff] Please identify
the herb in this guacamole.
- [Anne] All right, Kara.
- [Cliff] Come on, Kara.
Come on, giddy-up, giddy-up.
You got it? Go, go, go, go.
[Peachez]
I think I have an idea.
I jump on my trusty steed
and I'm galloping off
to the grocery store.
Wee-hoo!
Come on, come on, Kara.
Kara. Kara.
- [recruit] Yes!
- All right, Kara.
- I grabbed cilantro.
- That is correct.
- One point for the red team.
- Yee-haw!
Yeah. All right.
If I were in the Wild West,
I'd be known as
the baddest cowgirl in town.
[Cliff] Al and Bianca.
[Anne]
Identify the ingredient.
Of course I know what this is.
I eat this every day. Hello.
- Hit it, girl.
- Hurry up, hurry up.
[recruit] Go, baby!
Go, Al, go!
Bianca was back first
and she grabbed a plantain,
you are correct.
[recruits cheers]
Al, back in first gear.
[recruits] Oh.
Next up Marti and Peachez.
- Put 'em up!
- You're going down, Mama!
Meet me in the town square
at high noon.
This is a trivia question,
also known as maize.
Whee!
[recruits cheering]
The maize dance,
just bring your horsey
back to the bar, honey,
you didn't get it.
So the correct answer is corn.
- Yes!
- The score is tied.
[Cliff] Marti and Cheyenne,
please tell us
what kind of cheese
is in this quesadilla?
[recruits cheering]
[recruits] Oh!
I don't think
I've ever seen a cowgirl
wear stilettos before,
maybe that's why she keeps
falling off her horse.
- [Cliff] Cheyenne.
- Pepper jack.
- Correct.
- Yay!
Yay!
That horse is gonna get
taken out back.
[horse neighs]
The winners
of this skill drill are...
the Blue Team.
[blue team cheers]
And there could only be
one rodeo champion,
and that's the Blue Team.
We did it.
Right before you guys ride off
into the sunset,
it's time for an eggs-tra
special Skill Drill Cook.
So today Anne and I
are each gonna show you
how to make eggs Benedict
with a breakfast potato side.
And, Blue Team,
since you won the Skill Drill,
you have earned
the Poach Coach Advantage.
- [whistle blows]
- Oh.
This means I will be able
to assist you
during the poaching process.
[recruit] Okay.
Yippee ki yay, Blue Team,
let's saddle up and do this.
Woo! All right.
Red Team, saddle up
to my saloon.
I'll be showing you
how to make eggs Benedict
with breakfast potatoes.
Yum.
I'm making a BLT eggs Benedict
with a smashed fingerling
potato side.
I'm getting my potatoes
going first.
I'm going to season
my water a lot,
a couple sprigs of thyme
in there
and a couple of cloves of garlic
because this will kind of
perfume my potatoes.
We can go ahead
and get these guys smashed.
I'm gonna spread them out
into a nice even layer,
potatoes working.
Eggs Benedict traditionally
is an English muffin
with Canadian bacon,
poached eggs,
and hollandaise sauce.
The meat that I'm using
is going to be
good old fashioned bacon.
I'm going to cook my bacon
in the oven, some tomatoes.
I'm going to slice them.
I'm going to toss them
with some olive oil and salt
and I'm gonna put those
on my rack and roast those,
takes about
15 to 18 minutes or so.
Our potato side,
I'm gonna use our good friend,
the mandolin,
so that I can get
nice even slices
that I'm then going to dice.
Oh, my gosh. Here we go again.
I don't even remember
how to use it.
We have diced potato, onions,
peppers, garlic.
It's a one-pan dish.
I want some nice color
on my potato.
RTG, ready to go.
All right, so a poached egg,
fill it up to just below
the rivets of the handle, okay?
The key to being
an excellent poacher,
the vinegar.
We want just enough
so the water is acidulated
so that when the egg
hits the water,
the egg whites start
to firm up right away
and make it look like a nice
little tight egg package.
It's about three
and a half minutes or so
to poach your eggs.
My hollandaise sauce
is an emulsified
egg-based sauce.
Half a cup
of clarified butter, okay?
Clarified butter is just...
So it's melted butter.
That's all it is, melted butter?
You ever melt butter at home
and it separates,
so all the milk solids
will settle to the bottom,
on the top there's just raft of
what looks like clear liquid,
that's clarified butter
at the top.
I'm gonna crack four eggs,
we want the egg yolks.
I'm gonna add a tablespoon
of trusty lemon juice here.
Now we're going
to start cooking.
This, you need to watch
because the eggs will cook.
If I don't agitate them,
they will scramble.
More whisking? That's all
we do in this food camp
is whisk.
So this is gonna start
tightening up.
My butter has melted
and now I'm gonna start
streaming in my butter,
paprika,
and set that ready to go.
I'm just going
to slice my bread.
I wanna toast these
in oil so you get, like,
a nice oily, crispy,
crunchy bite.
- See what's going on here?
- Hmm, yum.
I need the I part of my BLT.
I'm going to make a chiffonade
of lettuce.
What's that?
- Ribbon.
- Okay.
I'm gonna put the lettuce
on my toast first
because if I put my tomatoes
right on my toast,
- what am I gonna have?
- Soggy.
Soggy bread.
[Cliff] I dutifully season
the breakfast potatoes,
now finish it with my sauce.
[Anne] My bacon,
you guys ready to try it?
- I thought you'd never ask.
- Oh, my gosh. I'm starving.
The hollandaise sauce
takes the kick out of it
a little bit.
- Yeah.
- It kind of saves you
from, like, "Ooh, it's spicy."
- It mutes it.
- Where's the mimosa?
Where's the mimo...
A-ma-zing.
It's a bougie BLT.
Yes, it is.
So recruits,
you will have 45 minutes
to put your own spin
on an eggs Benedict
- and a potato side dish.
- Your time starts now.
- [speaking indistinctly]
- [recruit] Go, go, go, go, go.
I broke the damn eggs.
No, we need at least
one of the... [groans]
Work the eggs.
Come here, potato!
Oh, boy.
With all the steps,
45 minutes is not enough time.
I'm just waiting
for the day they tell us
there's fossils here
and we have to make
the dinosaurs come back.
[roars]
So I'm just trying to make sure
I get the cuts right.
This mandolin
is fighting back with me.
All I'm getting
is very thin cuts.
Let's hearken back
a couple weeks
when I showed the recruits
how to use a mandolin properly.
- Bianca, turn it around.
- Like that?
No, angle it back.
- Yes.
- Oh, I see it.
The mandolin, Bianca, somehow
is taking you twice
as long to use
than if you were actually
just using a knife.
So the only thing
I'm gonna touch is this down
at the bottom and that's
in order to get...
- Okay.
- The depth of what I want.
- Should I grab another potato?
- Grab another potato.
I am adding potatoes
to the list of things I hate.
I hate cheese, eggs, potatoes.
I hate food.
I hate it. I hate it, done.
I just hate these things.
I am so in the lead,
I have to start all over again
with the stupid potato.
Stop touching
the side one, Bianca!
Thirty minutes, recruits.
[upbeat music playing]
Oh, everybody's pretty quiet.
I could hear myself thinking.
For this Skill Drill,
I'm gonna try some stuff
I've never tried before.
I am making a breakfast sausage,
eggs Benedict with
a fried green tomato bread.
I like that idea. If you want,
you can use
some of the sausage
fat in your hollandaise.
All right, your pan seems
kind of hot to me though, hon.
But I like
you're pushing yourself.
Go big or go home.
Whew. Bubble,
bubble toil and trouble.
[laughs]
Talk to me about
what you're making.
I'm making
a salmon Benedict on a bagel.
This is the classic
New York brunch.
They're very big, so I don't
know if they're gonna go
in the toaster,
so I was thinking about,
putting them in the oven.
This is
the biggest bagel I've...
This is an eight-pound bagel.
This bagel
is nine months full-term.
You can cut, like, the top
and just the bottom off.
Just do a thin layer?
Yeah, make it much thinner.
Chef Anne shows me
how to slice and dice it
in the perfect way
to get it in that toaster.
Make it fast.
Tricks of the trade. Right?
Al, you can just snap those
and then they'll break
to where they...
- Oh.
- Thanks for the tip.
[Anne] You're welcome.
Working right under
the perch is like
being underneath mom's
evil eyes at all times.
Al, bacon.
Oh.
Like she looks right through me
so, I don't know. I give up.
I'm gonna go more like
a traditional diner type
eggs Benedict, but I am gonna
put asparagus on there, so.
Well, this must be some fancy
truck stop you're going to, Al.
Rawr!
- Hi, Hilda.
- Hi, Chef Anne.
I'd like you to really focus
and get stuff done, please.
Now I have to get started
poaching the eggs.
I add the vinegar to the water.
Wait for the water to boil.
It's not boiling.
Come on, boil water, boil.
Boil, boil, boil, boil.
It is not enough time.
I need at least two days.
Boil, boil, it's not boiling...
Oh, there it goes!
Okay, got it.
I am making
a kind of
moco loco Hawaiian dish.
It's like a ham with biscuit.
Bianca, you have your bread
vehicle for your Benedict?
I'm sorry, chef,
I couldn't hear you.
Bianca, don't get
tunnel vision with that hash.
You have other elements to make.
I can't hear you, chef.
If a tree falls in the woods,
do you hear it?
[rock music playing]
Oh.
[laughs]
Are you poaching?
[Marti] Honey,
we are poaching these eggs.
Cheyenne, you're using
two hands right now. I'm so...
- I am.
- Freaking excited.
Thank you.
This hollandaise
sauce is going great.
[Cliff] Do you have
your clarified butter?
[Cheyenne] Yes.
Did you add it all in...
All at once?
- Yeah.
- Why?
[sighs] I forgot.
So what can I do
to fix this, anything?
Your face says no,
but I'm hoping
your brain says yes.
- That's completely... Yeah.
- It's gone?
I have to start my
hollandaise sauce over again.
I scrambled the eggs.
Doggone it!
You think that's crispy enough?
Canadian bacon doesn't get
crispy like regular bacon.
- It's more like ham. Go.
- Okay.
Kara, what are you doing
with your potatoes?
I was gonna take the center out
and make like little skins.
Don't you have some sort of
cheese over there
or something?
It's conchita.
Pancetta?
Con-con... Uh, con...
- [Anne] [indistinct]
- Contija.
- Huh?
- Contija, con...
- Fontina?
- Contija. Contija.
Well, why don't you grate
some on your potatoes,
so get something potato done
and then focus on eggs
- and hollandaise, please.
- Yes, Chef.
Okay. Did you froth
the egg first?
No.
Chef Cliff, can you check
my hollandaise sauce?
Because I think I messed it up.
Mmm-hmm. Yup, you did.
[sighs]
Everyone has managed
to do the exact same thing.
Everyone has added
ripping hot butter
to their eggs, which is
just gonna do what?
It's gonna cook the egg.
Start all over again, you scrambled
the egg. That's scrambled egg.
Ayayayayay.
- Chef Cliff, I know is pissed.
- No.
All I can do is laugh
to keep from crying.
[laughs hysterically]
This isn't how
this is supposed to go.
They always said
hollandaise was hard,
and boy, were they not kidding.
We have five minutes, recruits!
[rock music playing]
Blue Team, don't forget
because you won
the Skill Drill game,
I'm your poach coach.
Can I have help with my poaching
as per the arrangement
of us winning?
- Get out of my way.
- Now you're gonna poach.
Get out of my way.
The Lord is good on this thing.
Thank you, Chef.
Chef Cliff,
I need help poaching my eggs.
I go over whip, whip, whip,
circulate the water,
drop in the eggs. Boom.
My job here is done.
[Cheyenne]
Thank you, Chef Cliff.
- Oh, no, it's scrambled eggs.
- Get an ice cube, where's it?
Whisk it, whisk it, whisk it.
Come on, Al, how's it going?
Almost not quite, correct?
But once you get
that drips in that's what...
- Just keep going.
- We think it's going,
otherwise you're just
giving yourself a workout.
- Okay.
- Okay. All right, come on.
Come on. Drip, drip, drip.
I don't wanna arm wrestle you.
I'd win.
- You gotta be kidding me.
- 90 seconds.
Kara, get it on the plate.
You don't have time
- to screw around.
- Yes, chef.
[recruit] We can't undo
what the devil's done.
Stop talking and plate!
[Anne and Cliff]
Five, four, three, two, one.
[Anne] That's it, woo!
Oh. I forgot my asparagus.
Dammit.
You ready to try some Bene's?
Let's go eat some eggs.
All right, I'm ready
for a Mimosa too, huh?
Rockin' Red Stars.
Al, you're up first.
- Come on, big Al.
- [recruit] Big Al.
I have Canadian bacon,
onions, and potatoes.
[Anne] All right.
Nicely poached egg.
Your hollandaise sauce
is a lovely consistency.
Where's the asparagus?
I ran out of time,
I forgot my asparagus.
Sorry, Chef.
Crap, crap, crap.
Kara, come on up.
[Kara]
I made a fried green tomato
with breakfast sausage.
- Yay.
- Did you just see that?
The tomatoes,
your pan was way too hot
when you were frying them
so they taste
a little bit bitter and burned.
Talk to me about your potatoes.
They are a five-star quality,
potato half with cheddar cheese.
I appreciate that you were
going to try to do
sort of almost like
a potato skin.
- Thank you.
- [Anne] Good job.
[recruit] All right. Yeah.
[Anne] Marti, come on up.
- Look at that.
- Wait, I did it?
I didn't know I was gonna do it.
Is that it?
Is that a sexy runny egg?
That is the sexiest runny eggs
there ever was.
[makes sound]
[whistles]
Dill, capers, smoked salmon,
all, like, goes together
beautifully.
Uh-hmm.
Do you need help
in the kitchen, Chef Anne?
You hiring, girl?
Hilda.
It is Italian sausage
with mushrooms.
It also has a potato salad.
Sausage and mushrooms,
great combination.
Let's see this egg.
Oh, no.
That's what
we call hard-boiled egg.
I think today
probably wasn't your best.
But I know
you've got that in you.
Thank you.
[Cliff] Eddie.
We have eggs Benedict
with breakfast sausage
with potatoes, orange
bell pepper, and onions.
One egg is perfectly poached.
The other egg is over.
So timing, that was an issue.
Your hollandaise,
it's just too light.
- What are these burnt pieces?
- Those are the bell pepper.
Everything tastes burned.
[Eddie] It's not my best.
It is what it is.
[Cliff] Cheyenne.
I've made eggs Benedict
with cornbread chorizo.
[Cliff] Your eggs
are poached beautifully.
Thank you.
The consistency of the sauce
also is great.
Cornbread was
a great out-of-the-box
vehicle for my Benedict.
Mmm-hmm. Thank you.
[Cliff]
Peachez, bring me your eggs.
I've made a lump crab Benedict
and asparagus and potato hash.
[Cliff]
Eggs are poached nicely.
The hollandaise
is incredibly flavorful.
[Peachez]
You love the hollandaise?
And you should.
That was a labor of love.
Thank you, Chef.
[Cliff] Bianca.
I am so nervous.
It's canned ham and biscuits,
and on the hash,
I used peppers, onions,
and jalapenos.
This is not a hundred percent.
- Right.
- What I am upset about
is the way your station
was organized.
The overcooked egg
is a representation
of that station.
I need you to focus
because you can do it.
Thank you, Chef.
While I appreciate
all of the hard work
and the obstacles you overcame,
I cannot declare best dish
for this part.
So we're gonna do
better next time,
- right?
- [recruits] Yes, Chef.
No winner, but better
nobody wins than me not.
There was one Rocking Red star
who just clearly
nailed it today.
- Marti.
- [recruits cheers]
[Anne] Yes. Excellent job.
[Marti] I feel like
I just won the lottery, okay?
Welcome back, recruits.
In the Wild Wild West,
you never know
- what may come your way.
- [recruits] Ooh.
Good thing I wear my good spurs.
[laughter]
We'll each be teaching you
our versions
of a hearty
south-of-the-border favorite.
- Oh.
What?
Chile relleno.
- [Mexican music playing]
- Hey.
Spicy.
Oh. We got this, Rockin' Red.
And recruits, you're gonna
wanna turn up the heat
for this challenge because
unfortunately two of you
will be hitching
a ride home tonight.
No.
[Peachez] Oh, my goodness.
I don't wanna go home.
All right.
Red Team better bring
your A game
or bye-bye.
Blue Team. Follow me.
Rocking Red Stars,
step into my office.
[recruits] All right.
What I'm going to be
making today is
a chorizo and black bean
stuffed chile relleno
with a tomatillo salsa
verde and lime crema.
Today I'm gonna show you
how to make
a chile relleno with ground
turkey and salsa roja.
Chile rellenos are roasted
poblano peppers.
They can be filled from anything
from just cheese,
to cheese and meats,
and seafood, that kind of stuff.
We just got these poblano
peppers on a burner
and we're gonna roast them
on all the sides
and then we are gonna
carefully scrape the skin off.
Ooh.
While that is happening,
I can start making my sauce.
Plum tomatoes, half an onion,
one clove of garlic,
one bunch of cilantro,
chicken stock,
the pasilla chile,
it's a milder chili.
It's not smoky like a chipotle.
It's a little bit more floral,
but it is gonna bring us
- a little bit of back-heat.
- Okay.
So salsa verde,
I have tomatillos.
A what?
Tomatillo, they sort of look
like green tomatoes.
- Thomasina?
- Tomatillo.
Take the husk of the outside
and we're just gonna char these,
we're just gonna burn them,
you guys should be
all right at that.
Jalapeno, and then an onion.
This is gonna take a minute.
Now I'm gonna work
on my filling.
I'm going to use a half
a pound of ground turkey.
- [gasps] Wow.
- I'm gonna add my onion,
cumin, tomato paste,
chicken stock.
Cook some rice,
we have a half a cup of rice,
cup of water, olive oil,
cover, low simmer, 18 minutes.
- Yup.
- [Cliff] Have a cup
of black bean
and a bowl ready to go.
And that's waiting for our rice.
After we do our chilies,
put them in a bowl.
Cover these guys up.
[Cliff] Covering my bowl,
trapping that steam
so I can pull the skin off.
[Anne] And we just let them
do their steamy goodness.
[Cliff] My sauce,
putting into a blender
and then you're gonna add
your sauce back,
so that thickens up.
[Anne] I'm gonna carry
on with my sauce.
Everything's gonna
go right in my blender.
The juice and zest,
I have a couple of limes.
- Got you. Got you.
- Well, we just want
to puree this. There we go.
And then our sauce is done.
We'll take a half a cup of rice.
- Okay.
- That's gonna go right
into our mixture
with the black beans
and ground turkey.
Now, you wanna be
as gentle as possible
when pulling the skin off.
I don't want to rip
through the pepper.
Now you're gonna perform
delicate surgery.
You cut a slit
into the side of the pepper,
start pulling the seeds out.
Now we're gonna start stuffing
our peppers. Queso Oaxaca.
So there are going
to be many cheeses
that a lot of you are gonna
be very unfamiliar with.
Taste them so that you know
what direction you wanna go
and how they're gonna
pair together.
You grab the salty,
funky, Gorgonzola,
pair it with, you know, Queso
Fresco or a Cotija cheese.
You do one slice per pepper?
I'm probably gonna do three.
You have to be careful
on how much stuff
you're putting inside of this.
I'm just filling the cavity,
stick a toothpick,
just so it's nice
and thin and closed.
For the coating,
two eggs separated,
the whites
whip up to stiff peaks.
[Cliff] Okay,
so it's starting to ribbon.
- You see the two peaks?
- Right?
[Anne] And then we take
our egg yolk.
We whisk them
into our egg whites.
- Done.
- So I'm gonna create
a dredging station.
Just flour, salt in the exterior
of my pepper
right into my flour.
I'm gonna coat all sides
because this flour
allows the batter to stick.
Peppers into the batter,
everything nice and coated,
into my oil,
nice and golden brown.
Let's just get our crema ready.
Just gonna be a crema
and some lime zest and juice.
That's all. It's really
nice and bright and creamy.
Let's plate. A little bit
of my salsa verde.
We're gonna lay
a chili right on there.
Cotija cheese,
a little bit of the lime crema.
[Cliff] The salsa roja,
now your roasted pepper,
and then garnish.
Go ahead and give it a try.
- [Cliff] Let's eat it.
- [Kara] Oh, yeah.
It has so much flavor.
- This is really good.
- Delicious.
[Bianca] I actually like
the cheese.
- What?
- [gasps]
You like the cheese?
I found the cheese that I like.
Skies opened up.
There are cartoon birds
singing song
because Bianca likes the cheese.
I feel like I've worked so
hard in my life
- to get to this point.
- You should be very proud of yourself.
He didn't make the cheese.
He just gave it to you.
[laughs]
For this challenge,
you will have 60 minutes
to put your own spin
on my chile relleno.
And replicate my salsa verde
and lime crema exactly.
And your time starts right now!
Let's go.
[Marti]
I call the candy corn.
[Anne] Yeah.
Let's go Rocking Red Stars.
[Cliff] Let's go Blue!
[Bianca] We're like
The Three Stooges.
[Kara] Oops. Oh, shoot. Sorry.
Uh-uh, girl.
[Chiyenne] I don't like this.
Hilda, have you done
your peppers yet?
Yes, it's right here.
- Your poblano?
- In there.
There's too many green
peppers in this dish.
How am I supposed to tell
one green pepper
from this green pepper
from that green pepper,
they're all...
- they're all green.
- How's it going, Hilda?
I am putting corn, black beans,
grilled chicken
with some cheese.
And where are you
gonna stuff all this?
I'm gonna stuff it all?
What do you mean?
Yeah. Where are you gonna
put all this filling?
The filling is going into...
Oh [bleep]
Hilda is a little
bit all over the place,
like more than she normally is.
That was the pepper
I was talking about earlier.
45 minutes!
My mind is going so fast.
Just slow down
just a little bit.
All those steps getting
all mixed up in my head.
The last thing I need to do
is to set a fire at boot camp.
Oh, my God. No!
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
Pray for me.
45 minutes.
[singer] ♪ I got power
Living in my soul ♪
♪ When I strut in the room All
the boys, They lose control ♪
♪ All my girls
Get off my back ♪
♪ When you push out
that smack ♪
♪ I just take it on the chin ♪
♪ 'Cause my rhymes
Leave you wet ♪
All right. Hilda,
throw some chicken stock
in that pan
so the chicken will stay
- nice and moist, huh?
- [Hilda] Yes, ma'am.
I'm gonna make shrimp
with cheese and corn.
[fanfare music plays]
Marti seems to have a great
idea of where she's going.
She has corn, she has tomatoes,
she has shrimp inside her
chili and she's loving life.
She's learning to cook.
I'm going to be making
shrimp and red bean
filling for my poblano pepper.
You're using shrimp?
[singer] ♪ She's nearly up
The valley, up the valley ♪
♪ She's definitely
Wearing Gucci ♪
Don't overcook them, they say.
- Peachez...
- [Peachez] Yes.
Make sure they're seasoned.
[Peachez]
I got Cliff yelling at me.
I've got all these things.
This is the ultimate
challenge for Peachez.
Make sure that... Oh,
my goodness. What is this?
- The House of Bland?
- [laughs]
[Peachez]
Not while I'm alive.
Al, how's it going?
So I am gonna do a ground
bison, ground venison.
There will be
goat cheese in there.
Goat, I mean, Midwest,
Western, here it goes.
- And then...
- Now, you really are
a goat cheese lover now, huh?
[goat bleats]
That will be our little secret.
Hey, Eddie, guess what?
Chef Cliff has always got
something to say.
[Cliff] That's not enough
stock in there.
- You know how I know that?
- Because I used that
- instead of the...
- [Cliff] Let me tell you.
Two reasons, because you use
a dry measuring cup
and I know how much
two and a half cups
should come out
of that quart container.
Yeah, let's wing it. We're
cooking. It sounds great.
[Eddie] Don't get me off
my rhythm, Chef Cliff.
I feel good right now.
Oh, donkey.
[donkey brays]
This is like a circus act
in here.
Mmm-hmm. [laughs]
How does this thing go on?
Hey.
I don't want it to split.
[laughs nervously].
Oops.
Hmm, I don't like this part.
I feel like I'm not afraid
of hot things anymore.
♪ I don't like this part ♪
♪ This part's not fun ♪
Well, maybe just a little.
♪ Oh, no, oh, no the char ♪
♪ It's a scary char ♪
♪ But guess what, char
You're not gonna win today ♪
♪ I think I'm not afraid ♪
Just a little.
♪ Making rice
Making rice ♪
♪ One cup of rice ♪
Cheyenne, is that a cup
of rice or half a cup of rice?
- A cup of rice.
- [Cliff] So how much...
- Half a cup of rice.
- Huh?
It's supposed to be
a half cup of rice.
How much water is in there?
A cup of water.
Thanks, Chef Cliff.
What are you stuffing
your pepper with?
Ground beef,
lime rice and pinto beans.
- What's this?
- The rice.
Okay. Where's the top?
Are we steaming it
or are we boiling it?
Is there a rice method?
Is that what I do?
Bianca,
turn the temperature down,
put a lid on it.
Bianca is doing the complete
opposite of that.
I'm not saying because I wanna
hear myself talk
but I feel like I'm the only
one listening to me.
Here's a little hint.
That's not how you cook rice.
[Hilda] There's always
a hiccup in boot camp.
Well, that's not a button
you push.
- Seriously?
- Eddie, you don't like
- hard surfaces, do you?
- [Peachez] I do.
[chuckles]
I just... That was... That was
wide open. That was...
Oh, I love pepper jack cheese.
Oh, it's tasty.
- Girl.
- Yes, baby.
- Are you talking to me?
[kissing sounds] Oh, mwah.
Oh, mwah. Oh.
That's like Michelin
or whatever.
Honey, she's Michelin, she's
not just tire, she's food.
The kitchen is my audience today
and I am the star of this show.
To Emeril, Bobby Flay, who?
Never heard of him.
It was amazing.
Does it taste good?
Now I'm second-guessing myself.
♪ Sanitize my hands ♪
♪ Sanitize my life ♪
♪ Sanitize the board ♪
♪ We're doing all right ♪
Now, for the most
complicated part
of the entire cook,
the egg batter.
I don't remember how this works.
Oh, that's too high.
Whee!
- Two little peaks.
- [Cliff] Great job, Peachez.
Now just do it a little faster.
Anytime you hear me just
assume I'm talking to you.
I literally always do
and then...
- Give me... Give me a second.
- Okay. Yeah.
Did you [makes sounds]
[upbeat music playing]
What a ribbon.
As I'm mixing my eggs,
I remember Chef Cliff
saying that there had to be
ribbons in the egg whites.
And I'm not sure
what that means.
You said to mix this
until it has ribbons.
What are ribbons?
You took a note
that you didn't even know
- how to interpret?
- Yes.
And then didn't ask about it?
Oops.
This look ribbony to you?
[laughs] Oh, no. Not yet.
- You have your salt in there?
- No.
Let's go. Let's add
some salt to that. Okay.
And now stiff peaks, I got it.
I just didn't know
what ribbons were.
[Mexican music playing]
I'm starting to work up
a sweat. Ewee!
Man down!
You have 10 minutes,
recruits, 10 minutes!
Bianca, you got to move faster.
Of course.
I need to step it up
and hurry up.
Faster. Faster. Faster.
[Cliff] Bianca's in the worst
situation possible.
She still needs to stuff batter.
Fry those chilies.
I'm watching Bianca go down
like the Titanic right now.
Faster, faster.
Five minutes, recruits.
[singer] ♪ Tell them
Get out of my way ♪
♪ Coming through strong
And we don't play ♪
♪ I think you don't know
My stuff ♪
♪ Oh, yeah
You don't know my stuff ♪
[Cliff] Oil, add, Peachez.
You don't got to tell me
twice most of the time.
If you need to turn the fire
up then you turn the fire up.
If it's not there,
then it's not there.
- You can make it there.
- Who are you talking to?
Just things.
[Cheyenne] I am struggling.
[Hilda] That's a lot of stuff.
[Kara] All right, y'all.
There we go.
Not Chef Anne's brown yet.
Oh, man. I can't believe it.
I'm actually frying
the stuffed chili.
Yeah!
Three minutes, everyone.
All right. Al, pepper's
looking a little dark.
Not quite.
You go, pepper.
You got this, baby.
[Anne] With a knife, Marti.
[Hilda] Where's that cheese?
[Peachez] I want this
to be perfect.
[Cliff]
We have one minute, recruits.
My emotions feel like
at burning pepper.
Five, four, three, two, stop.
[laughs]
Oh, it's another one
of those laughs
so you don't cry moments.
Whoo. All right. There we go.
I'm ready to try some chilies.
Yup.
Peachez, you're up first.
What do we have here, Peachez?
A lime shrimp chile relleno.
Oh, what a difficult word.
[Cliff] The shrimp
are cooked beautifully.
The most difficult part
of this dish is
getting that batter
that you nailed.
I just wish that there was
more salt.
[Peachez] Let me add it now.
That's why they have
the shakers on the table.
Just put some salt on it, Chef.
Presentation-wise,
a nine out of ten.
Baby. You know, I'm about
the aesthetics.
[Cliff] Bianca.
The filling could use
a touch of seasoning,
but all the pieces are there.
I'm getting the lime
in the rice.
Visually, we could use work.
Everything was going fine.
Until the frying.
It's practice, you know?
Sometimes things you nail
in the beginning
and sometimes things
just take a little bit longer.
Thank you, Chef.
[Cliff] Eddie, please join me
with your chili.
- What did you make?
- A chile relleno
with black beans, corn,
and pork.
[Cliff] This is a very
well-seasoned dish.
Why can't I get this,
like, every week?
I want you
to get that every week.
Should I actually
show how excited I am?
That could be embarrassing.
[Cliff] Cheyenne.
[Cheyenne] She ain't
the prettiest in the bunch.
This dish is very burnt.
Tell me what we have here.
Stuffed poblano pepper with
bison and pepper jack cheese.
Be really careful
because I'm not sure
if I got all the toothpicks out.
[Cliff] Right.
She's not the prettiest,
- but she's tasty.
- Oh, thank you.
But it's really, really tasty.
Your batter is still brown
here but then it's just
dark here because it's just
pepper frying.
- [Cheyenne] Yeah.
- It's just pepper.
- It was just a time thing.
- Yeah.
[Anne] All right.
- Kara, come on up.
- Good evening, Chef Anne.
One of my favorite things
my mom makes
is Mexican cornbread.
Black beans, ground beef, corn.
I feel like the filling
is missing some seasoning.
I don't feel like there's
enough cumin in there.
But the texture
of your filling is nice.
The fry on your pepper is good,
- okay? Nice shot.
- Okay. Thank you.
- [Anne] All right. Big Al.
- Hello, Chef Anne.
[Anne] Hello.
[Al] I put venison, bison.
Where's the crema?
- The what?
- The crema?
The lime crema?
Oh, I guess I forgot the crema.
That bums me out
because what you have
on your plate is good,
missing a little bit
of seasoning,
but again, an incomplete plate.
Al.
[Al] It is a very good plate
of food.
But it's incomplete.
Ba-dum-pum.
[Anne] Marti, talk to me
about what's in your filling.
Shrimp, corn, tomato,
the green chili.
Yeah.
[Anne]
Did you try your filling?
I did a couple times and I...
Nobody needs to know
that I'm panicking, okay?
We're gonna be calm, cool,
and collected on the front.
I like... I got it to...
I liked it...
This is it, I'm out. Bye.
It's done. Just going home,
pack the bag.
Oh, God.
[intense music playing]
Did you try your filling?
I did. I liked it. I...
- Me too.
- Oh, good. Oh.
[Anne]
Your filling is delicious.
Oh. Oh.
Really heavy on the lime.
I added extra lime at the end.
Just kidding. I didn't
do that. I didn't do that.
You did do that.
And don't do that.
Resist the urge to throw
the last minute
- stuff on there, okay?
- Yeah.
[Anne] Hilda, come on up.
[Hilda] Walking up to Chef
Anne, my knees are knocking.
I'm like, "Oh, my God.
This lady is gonna
rip me a new one."
I made a grilled chicken.
You didn't grill anything today.
- I didn't grill anything.
- [Anne] No.
Your sauce could have been
pureed more.
The filling is really yummy.
She might not be the prettiest
but she's pretty tasty.
- Thank you, Chef Anne.
- [Anne] Okay. There you go.
- Thank you, Hilda.
- You know, you scared me right.
- You know you scared me.
- [Anne] That's my job.
[melodic music playing]
[Anne] Recruits. Whoo!
This week was a doozy,
wasn't she?
- Mmm-hmm.
- You've all come
a very long way
in a short amount of weeks.
But unfortunately,
two of you have cooked
your final meal in boot camp.
But let's start
with the good news.
On the Rocking Red Stars,
there was one recruit
who really impressed me
with their chile relleno.
That recruit is...
Marti.
- [cheers and applause]
- Oh, Marti!
[Kara] Good job, Marti.
We won.
[laughs]
Congrats, Marti.
And the recruit on the Blue Team
who really pulled themselves up
by their bootstraps
this week is...
- Peachez.
- [cheers and applause]
[laughs]
I won!
Baby, I won! [laughs]
Oh, my goodness.
Also safe on the Blue Team
this week is...
- Eddie.
- Thank you.
- There you go, Eddie.
- [applause]
But unfortunately,
that means Cheyenne
and Bianca,
you are on the bottom.
Please step forward.
Also safe this week
on the Red Team is...
Kara.
So unfortunately,
that means Al and Hilda,
you are in the bottom.
Please step forward.
Today, you both had a couple
of stumbling blocks
in the terms of seasoning.
And, Al,
that incomplete plate, man.
The recruit that will not
be continuing
on in boot camp this week is...
- Al.
- Okay.
- Oh.
- It's been a great experience, though.
And I loved
having you on my team.
I can't believe actually
I made it as far as I did.
That's how hard
I actually pushed myself.
I'm leaving boot camp with
my head held as high as I can.
I'm so proud of myself.
But sadly, I'm gonna have
to ask you for your apron.
- [Al] Can I get a hug?
- Of course.
And you think I do not get one.
I bet you're so excited
to go home and cook
- for your wife, yeah?
- I am.
My wife is gonna be tears of joy
when I bust through the door.
I'm gonna cook my [bleep]
when I get home. [laughs]
- Hold them up, yes?
- Right.
So, Bianca and Cheyenne,
obviously the batter
definitely got the best
of to the both of you.
Mmm-hmm.
But it came down
to who executed the elements
of the dish the best.
On the Blue Team,
the recruit who will not
be continuing on today is...
Bianca.
You had issues with your batter
and you had issues
with your picks.
My family, they are going
to be very, very proud of me
especially, because I was able
to make it to week six.
It's been a pleasure
to have you on the team.
Same. Thank you, Chef.
I am going to cook.
I am going to do
so many yummy stuff.
- [laughs]
- [narrator] Next time
on Worst Cooks in America.
Remote control, Chef.
Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
I have two kinds of mushrooms.
Come on, you guys.
Roll with it,
Chef Anne, we're a team.
An unidentified vegetable.
Eddie, it's not a UFO
on the plate, buddy.
You can't say unidentifiable.
What does it taste like?
I don't know.
Welcome to work.
[makes noise]